Dad, dad, don't come here
Hahaha little fish
As long as you can live well
I can do anything
Hahahaha
literacy
You look like a woman with deep feelings.
You are such a good father.
Can you let my daughter go now?
Although kneeling
But I feel almost bored
What do you want?
kowtow
OK
Hahahaha
no makeup
To be honest, I really admire you
If you take my daughter
I really can't be like you
Cousin, we are all people who do great things
How can you be dragged down by such useless emotions?
Right? Gold.
I'm done kowtowing for you too
Let my daughter go
I accept your disposal
Song Yang, are you fucking awake?
What else do you want?
How many times have you slapped me because of you?
I have never suffered such grievances since I was a child
Now you let me release your daughter
I let your mother go
Song Yang
How rebellious are you?
Aren't you awesome?
You are awesome
How dare you stare at me
Lick it clean for me